h1. rah_section_titles

p. Rah_section_titles makes "Textpattern's":http://textpattern.com Write tab's _section_ drop-down list show section titles instead of section names. The rah_section_titles plugin is some sort of an answer to "this feature request made by Redbot":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=27744.

h2. List of features

* Admin-side Write tab shows section titles instead of names.
* Very easy to set up: just run the automatic plugin setup and activate.
* Outputs compact, clean JavaScript code.

h2. Requirements

p. Rah_section_title's minimum requirements:

* Textpattern v4.4.0 or newer.

h2. Installation

p. The general simple behavior stands: paste the plugin code to the plugin installer box found on _Plugins_ panel, and run the automatic setup. When the installer is done, just activate the plugin. That's it. Now you should see list section titles on the Write's Sections field.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.5 - upcoming

* Now works server-side by using pluggable_ui instead of JavaScript.

h3. Version 0.4 - 2011/11/25

* Now uses Textpattern's @escape_js()@ to escape the strings used in JavaScript, and @script_js()@ to return the JavaScript wrapped in script tags.
* As of version 0.4, requires Textpattern version 4.4.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2011/06/28

* Fixed: Don't throw up JavaScript when the browser has JavaScript disabled.
* Changed: Escape HTML markup by using jQuery's text() method instead of html().
* Changed: Plugin type to the newer admin-side only.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2010/06/09

* Better compatibility with other plugins that play with the same drop-down, and better integration with TXP. Now the plugin doesn't replace the entire dropdown, but only the labels within each item.
* Generally improved code.
* Moved the JavaScript to @<head>@.
* Now requires Textpattern 4.0.7 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1.2 - 2008/09/04

* Added missing @<br />@.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2008/07/12

* Initial release.